# defi-parameters-gathering

# For details, see An Agent-Based Simulation Model, Tianyu Zhou, September 2022

# This is all Proprietary!

# General Idea
(1) The current analysis tool in the DeFi markets is provided by (a) the DeFi protocol UI, (b) some aggregator pools, (c) consulting services, and (d) crowd-based analytics tools. While the first provides some chartist analysis and even short-term P&L calculators (Uniswap v3), the investors lack a long-term, dynamic-based understanding of potential volatility and even long-tail risks. The second offers either a community-based forum of discussion (Discord or proprietary platforms) or risk indexing (Exponential); this, however, lacks sufficient transparency and depth to enable an in-depth study by the platform users. The only viable publicly available, viable consulting service is Gauntlet. While they have published their assessment results and general methodology, they only target large buyers with services of $5+mm. Their price tag and abstruse explanations forego ready availability for DeFi entrepreneuers, new users, and hedge funds. The four include Dune.analytics and Nansen. These, while providing great data, lack 
(2) We propose a readily available DeFi protocol assassment tool, a SaaS that integrates rigorous data-driven and ML-based financial assessment with user interfaces for anyone with a general science background. "You build your own model easily on us based on how you see prices may move." We allow users to (a) choose a collection of data for analysis, (b) select model types between stochastic models, jump diffusion models, and agent-based models, and (c) parameterize their models on pre-defined parameters.
(3) Our model addresses 3 needs from the market: (a) Vast majority of Americans coming from business and financial backgrounds who solely understand financial modeling. We help them with easy head-start on DeFi risk and liquidity modelling. (b) Existing DeFi traders who have relied on discretionary or homemade models (80% of individuals; out of these, 70% relied on purely technical analysis based on our survey at Stanford, NY, and Korean conferences). Given a DeFi kurtosis statistic of 9, their models fall widely from reality. We help them to build complex models parameterizing time and variance and agent-based simulation. (c) Investors or governance stkaeholders in DeFi protocols have a need to improve design to handle better stress-testing scenarios.
